docs: Updated ArcGisApp docs (#2293)
unoplatform/uno.extensions: doc/Learn/Maui/ThirdParty-EsriMaps.md

An existing sample app that showcases the controls is available [here](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Samples/tree/master/UI/MauiEmbedding/ArcGisApp).

> [!NOTE]
> For this sample you don't need to have a license, because it's just a demo and for development purposes.
>

> > Esri ArcGIS Maps SDK for .NET is currently only compatible with Windows, Android, iOS, and MacCatalyst when used with Uno Platform at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Esri ArcGIS Maps SDK for .NET is currently only compatible with Windows, Android, iOS, and Mac Catalyst when used with Uno Platform at the moment.
```

## Installation

In order to use the MapView control, you first need to create an account via the [ArcGIS Developers portal](https://developers.arcgis.com/sign-up/), and depending on the use of location services, you may also need an API key. This walkthrough does not require a license or an API key to run.

## Getting Started

### [Visual Studio](#tab/vs)

> [!NOTE]
> If you don't have the **Uno Platform Extension for Visual Studio** installed, follow [these instructions](xref:Uno.GetStarted.vs2022).

- Launch **Visual Studio** and click on **Create new project** on the Start Window. Alternatively, if you're already in Visual Studio, click **New, Project** from the **File** menu.

- Type `Uno Platform` in the search box

- Click **Uno Platform App**, then **Next**

- Name the project `ArcGisApp` and click **Create**

At this point you'll enter the **Uno Platform Template Wizard**, giving you options to customize the generated application.

- Select **Blank** in **Presets** selection

- Select the **Platforms** tab and unselect **Desktop** and **Web Assembly** platforms

- Select the **Features** tab and click on **.NET MAUI Embedding**

> For more information on all the template options, see [Using the Uno Platform Template](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.UsingWizard).
> 
> - Click **Create** to complete the wizard
> 
> The template will create a solution with a single cross-platform project, named `ArcGisApp`, ready to run.

Reviewer 2: Not too relevant but maybe it would make more sense to follow this order?

```suggestion
- Click **Create** to complete the wizard

The template will create a solution with a single cross-platform project, named `ArcGisApp`, ready to run.

For more information on all the template options, see [Using the Uno Platform Template](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.UsingWizard).
```

## Updating AppBuilderExtensions

In the `AppBuilderExtensions` class, on `ArcGisApp.MauiControls` project, update the `UseMauiControls` extension method to call the `UseArcGISRuntime` method.

```cs
using Esri.ArcGISRuntime;
using Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Maui;
using Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Security;

namespace ArcGisApp;

public static class AppBuilderExtensions
{
    public static MauiAppBuilder UseMauiControls(this MauiAppBuilder builder) 
        => builder
            .UseArcGISRuntime(
            //config => config
            //    .UseLicense("[Your ArcGIS Maps SDK License key]")
            //    .UseApiKey("[Your ArcGIS location services API Key]")
            //    .ConfigureAuthentication(auth => auth
            //        .UseDefaultChallengeHandler() // Use the default authentication dialog
            //    )
            )
            .ConfigureFonts(fonts =>
            {
                fonts.AddFont("ArcGisApp/Assets/Fonts/OpenSansRegular.ttf", "OpenSansRegular");
                fonts.AddFont("ArcGisApp/Assets/Fonts/OpenSansSemibold.ttf", "OpenSansSemibold");
            });

> }

Reviewer 3: I don't think you need the "ArcGisApp" part of the path of the font files. I created a new unoapp from the cli using the above arguments and it generated:

```cs
public static MauiAppBuilder UseMauiControls(this MauiAppBuilder builder) =>
    builder
        .ConfigureFonts(fonts =>
        {
            fonts.AddFont("Assets/Fonts/OpenSansRegular.ttf", "OpenSansRegular");
            fonts.AddFont("Assets/Fonts/OpenSansSemibold.ttf", "OpenSansSemibold");
        });
}
```

Author: True. This changed with the new single project structure.

I'll update the docs accordingly :)

- Select **Blank** in **Presets** selection

- Select the **Platforms** tab and unselect **Desktop** and **Web Assembly** platforms

For more information on all the template options, see [Using the Uno Platform Template](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.UsingWizard).

- Click **Create** to complete the wizard

The template will create a solution with a single cross-platform project, named `ArcGisApp`, ready to run.

### [Command Line](#tab/cli)

> [!NOTE]
> If you don't have the Uno Platform dotnet new templates installed, follow [dotnet new templates for Uno Platform](xref:Uno.GetStarted.dotnet-new).

Create a new application using the `unoapp` template, enabling .NET MAUI Embedding. In this case, we're going to use the Blank template (`-preset blank`) and include .NET MAUI Embedding support (`-maui`).

    ```
    dotnet new unoapp -preset blank -maui -platforms "android" -platforms "ios" -platforms "maccatalyst" -platforms "windows" -o ArcGisApp
    ```

This will create a new folder called **ArcGisApp** containing the new application.

## Nuget Packages 

> Add a reference to the [Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Maui NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Maui) to the `MauiEmbeddingApp.MauiControls` project.

Reviewer 4: Hey @vatsashah45 , Since you are naming the app ArcGisApp , It should not be MauiEmbeddingApp.MauiControls instead it should be ArcGisApp.MauiControls. if i am not wrong

## Updating AppBuilderExtensions

> In the `AppBuilderExtensions` class, on `MauiEmbeddingApp.MauiControls` project, update the `UseMauiControls` extension method to call the `UseArcGISRuntime` method.

Reviewer 4: Hey @vatsashah45 , Since you are naming the app `ArcGisApp` , It should not be `MauiEmbeddingApp.MauiControls` instead it should be `ArcGisApp.MauiControls.` if i am not wrong

## Getting Started

> ### [Visual Studio](#tab/vs)

Reviewer: Agreed, I added a couple of additional commits to fix issues I noticed by running the documentation locally while reviewing the changes

> [!NOTE]
> If you don't have the **Uno Platform Extension for Visual Studio** installed, follow [these instructions](xref:Uno.GetStarted.vs2022).

- Launch **Visual Studio** and click on **Create new project** on the Start Window. Alternatively, if you're already in Visual Studio, click **New, Project** from the **File** menu.

- Type `Uno Platform` in the search box

- Click **Uno Platform App**, then **Next**

- Name the project `ArcGisApp` and click **Create**

At this point you'll enter the **Uno Platform Template Wizard**, giving you options to customize the generated application. For this tutorial, we're only going to configure the markup language and the presentation framework.

- Select **Blank** in **Presets** selection

- Select the **Platforms** tab and unselect **Desktop** and **Web Assembly** platforms

For more information on all the template options, see [Using the Uno Platform Template](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.UsingWizard).

> - Click **Create** to complete the wizard

Reviewer 2: Are we missing the instruction to select **.NET MAUI Embedding** in Features?
